::: \"container\"
# 100% Winning Quotex Sureshot Pattern - Binary Trading

In this article, we will discuss 20 of the most popular and 100% winning
sureshot patterns for Quotex binary trading.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/4_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxlid)

## PATTERN TYPE 1: 2 GREEN 2 RED PATTERN (LIVE MARKET) Winning Quotex Sureshot Pattern

If the market respects the resistance level, strikes and takes reversal,
then the next candle will be Red color following the first Red candle.

!["2](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic1.jpg\%22){green=""
2="" red="" pattern="" 100%="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot=""
pattern"=""}

## PATTERN TYPE 2: SIDE WAYS PATTERN (LIVE MARKET)

If the 1st Candle is Green color, the 2nd Candle is Red color & the 3rd
Candle is Green color with a "wick breaking down", then the 4th candle
will be a sure shot in Red color.

!["SIDE](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic2.jpg\%22){ways=""
pattern="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot="" pattern"=""}

## PATTERN TYPE 3: OTC MARKET -- 9 CANDLE PATTERN (OTC MARKET)

This Pattern works in either Uptrend or Downtrend. In Downtrend, if we
find 8 candles back to back Red color, then the 9th Candle will be a
sure shot in Red color. In Uptrend, if we find 8 candles back to back
Green candles, then the 9th Candle will be a sure shot in Green color.

!["9](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic3.jpg\%22){candle=""
pattern="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot="" pattern"=""}

## PATTERN TYPE 4: 1 RED 2 GREEN PATTERN (LIVE MARKET)

The 1st Red candle's tail should be longer than the 2nd Green candle's
Head, which will make the 3rd candle as Green & a sure shot in the UP
direction.

!["1](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic4.jpg\%22){red=""
2="" green="" pattern="" (live="" market)"=""}

## PATTERN TYPE 5: SIDE WAY PATTERN (LIVE MARKET)

2 Red candles (Back to Back) but the head (wick) of the 2nd Red Candle
should not break out by the 1st Red Candle, then the 3rd Candle will be
Green and the 4th Candle will be our sure shot as Red Candle. Note: Tail
(Wick) of the first 2 Red Candles should be Longer.

## PATTERN TYPE 6: LIVE MARKET PATTERN

1st Red Candle, 2nd Green Candle, 3rd Red Candle then the 4th Red Candle
is a sure shot.

## PATTERN TYPE 7: LIVE MARKET PATTERN

1st Red Candle & 2 back to back normal body Green Candle, then the 4th
candle will be Red as a sure shot.

## PATTERN TYPE 8: LIVE MARKET PATTERN Winning Quotex Sureshot Pattern

1st Green Candle & 2 back to back normal body Red Candle then the 4th
candle will be Green as a sure shot.

## PATTERN TYPE 9: LIVE MARKET PATTERN

3 Back to back Green Candles and 1 Red Candle (Tail should be longer)
then the 4th candle will be Green as sure shot.

## PATTERN TYPE 10: LIVE MARKET PATTERN

3 Back to back Red Candles and 1 Green Candle (Head should be longer)
then the 4th candle will be Red as sureshot.

30 SECOND CHART / 30 SECOND TRADE (LIVE MARKET) 3 Normal back to back
Red Candles, 1 Green Candle which should not break previous 3 Red
Candles, then the 5th Candle will be Green as sureshot.

!["3](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic5.jpg\%22){normal=""
to="" back="" red="" candles="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot=""
pattern"=""}

## PATTERN TYPE 12 (Winning Quotex Sureshot Pattern)

2 MINUTE CHART / 2 MINUTE TRADE (LIVE MARKET) 2 Red Candles and 2 Green
candles which should not break out the first "2 Red Candles" and it
should not close too far from the Horizontal line. (Normal body candles
shape is very important for this pattern)

## PATTERN TYPE 13

2 MINUTE CHART / 2 MINUTE TRADE (LIVE MARKET) If the market is retesting
a "Resistance level" several times and if it breaks out the resistance
level, then there is a reversal candle as a sure shot.

### For Example: (Winning Quotex Sureshot Pattern)

The support level is to follow in the same way, which means if the
market breakdown the support level after retesting it several times,
then the reversal candle will be in a shape of a green candle.

## PATTERN TYPE 14

LIVE/OTC MARKET PATTERN Draw a Horizontal Line (SUPPORT LINE) between
the first 2 Green Candles after the Red Candle and wait for the market
to break that support level with a Red candle, then trade in the same
direction. The Resistance level is to follow in the same way.

## PATTERN TYPE 15

PATTERN TYPE 15 MAGIC "V" PATTERN (LIVE/OTC MARKET) If the market makes
a movement in "V" Pattern and breaks out the horizontal line, then a
sure shot will take place in the opposite direction. The same pattern
can be followed for the Inverted "V" Pattern too,

## PATTERN TYPE 16

UPTREND PATTERN (OTC MARKET) 3 to 4 Back to back Green Candles (Normal
body is very Important) and 1 Red candle, then the next will be a Green
candle as a sure shot.

!["3](\%22https://binarytradetricks.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/pic6.jpg\%22){4=""
to="" back="" green="" candles="" winning="" quotex="" sureshot=""
pattern"=""}

## PATTERN TYPE 17

DOWNTREND PATTERN (OTC MARKET) 3 to 4 Back to back Red Candles (Normal
body is very Important) and 1 Green candle, then the next will be a Red
candle as a sure shot.

## PATTERN TYPE 18 in Quotex Sureshot Pattern

SIDE WAY PATTERN (LIVE/OTC MARKET) When the market creates 1 Long Red
Candle (Marubozu Candlestick), 3 back to back normal body Green Candles
& 1 Red candle (These 4 candles should not break out the resistance
level of the first long Red Candle neither wick nor body), then the next
will be a Red Candle as a sure shot. If loss, MTG1 (1 step only) can be
taken if you have a good money management.

## PATTERN TYPE 19

SIDE WAY PATTERN (LIVE/OTC MARKET) When the market creates 1 Long Green
Candle (Marubozu Candlestick), 3 back to back normal body Red Candles &
1 Green candle (These 4 candles should not break out the support level
of the first long Green Candle neither wick nor body), then the next
will be a Green Candle as a sure shot. If loss, MTG1 (1 step only) can
be taken if you have a good money management.

![](\%22https://binary)
:::

